Sunday morning dark clouds Rising oh there's no
sunshine anywhere strong winds
blowing God give us wisdom to grasp the
message in the air oh if I could have one wish and know
that it would come true I wish that God would give us strength to know just what
to do then we could tear down the fences that fence Us
Falling fences created by such evil men
then we could tear down the fences that fence us
all maybe we could walk together again
[Music] welcome back to satanic initiation on
lady Babylon tonight what we have more and more and more for you is that tomb
remember that tomb we went to that place with the Dank we're going back there
tonight we're going back there tonight we're gonna see I can hear the beat
we're going to see the boys can you hear them can you see them let's see the boys we're we're going to
see Jesus and all the boys tonight but tonight we're going to go to a place
that's a little bit familiar to us we've had it introduced but now we're going to look
at it through the lens of the post Jesus Christ transdimensional
indictment yeah we're going to look at we're going to look at it through the eyes of the investigators tonight on
lady Babylon
[Music]
if you have anything against Jesus or against prostitution
um You probably shouldn't watch tonight because that's where we have to go we're
going to the boys of Jesus and I want us to see them as a troop tonight right as
a gang they got called out they got called out by the
pis those prostitutes uhhuh they recognize them
remember we're we're talking about child prostitutes in the between the ages of
10 and 13 history the
Bible Jesus Christ and prostitutes prostitutes let's look at
those boys tonight in order to do it we got to blow this place we gotta cleans
it oh those Vapors are awful bring on
that sulfur baby and let's see the madness in
[Music]
[Applause] [Music] moleni [Music]
h [Music]
[Applause] [Music]
we have a Greek text that will tell you melen Way is
Media um it's one of her cult names and um if you're
in and you're initiated you know why isn't that fantastic tonight let's dive
in look the time ship has stopped let's step out here we are we're at a place
that has to do with broel and tombs and Jesus Christ this is fantastic let's go
there with our First Source you a hit it here we go I'm gonna dedicate this word
tonight this this is our one Greek word I want everybody to remember remember
how I told you that ancient Greek has a far more expansive vocabulary than your
itty bitty English yes yes far more expansive so
what is the concept I want to feature for you tonight to allow your brain to grow into it look what is this fousy
cadon what is fousy cadon it's it's a spell to open fouses
now we know the victorians despite the prudery were way deep into it they were
way deep into it look what they put how do we know this because they know all the
naughtiness yes where's the naughtiness here it thank you ltin pend
MRA wait a minute what that's the female secret parts
yes the female Secrets isn't that nice it's a nice way to express the female
Secrets yes okay that's our key that's our key to Nature what you
mean this word is a spell who is putting a spell on someone I just want I want
people to look at the anthropology bring that up again yeah I want you to look at the
anthropology here look it's made up of Clay's key and fusus is nature literally
it's a spell it's a song to open up the secret parts of a
woman they have a word for that yeah they have a word for that and
we've got to know this stuff if we're going to get inside with the initiates we've got to know this stuff right this
is our vocabulary fantastic okay they're going to meet us at the door the apostles boom
boom boom boom hear it yeah it's gonna be a little bit loud you're gonna have to shout a little bit we're going in
yeah here they are ready give me the next text oh up it up it ghost summon I
summon the ghost of who who was this guy Clement
Clement where that stinky come here Clement come here oh you like the stroma
taste by the way it's not Strom that's a wrong stromas um you like it don't you Moses
shut up and sit down you love it I love this part watch
this we're gonna bring in we're gon to bring in oh God this is a man who
rejected his parents paganism he was on the
inside he was on the inside he knows all the terminology he's the one who comes
forward you know and he's got this letter he's got this letter to Theodore
you got to straighten things some things out with the Christian mystery let's see
what they had to straighten out bring that yep bring it up good yeah and so this is from his letters you know that
dude and it's too yeah it's to Theodore and what does it say he says you did you did a great job Teddy you did a great
job stifling those unspeakable teachings of the Corp Creations you did a great
job it's a secret it's a secret you did a great job fantastic what who are the
carraci oh they know how to party they know how to
open Nature the they know how to open Nature boom boom boom boom love it love
it here we go here we go let's get another text it's it's overwhelming the nature is overwhelming me here we go
look at this look at this bad boy yeah um so this is also from the same Clement
right and he's saying um you know while Mark was with Peter doing their thing in
Rome he published it's like register on a grao it's more like register but I
don't know I think publish is a good rendering um he published the Deeds of
the Lord the doings now mind you I'm translating mind you he didn't translate
them all right he didn't let people know everything he particularly didn't give
away any of the mystery
rights okay okay okay the Mystic stuff he didn't betray it right now what's the
problem Theodore wants to know what's all this sexy stuff sir and he's like don't worry Deddy
don't worry Deddy it's okay does Jesus talk about naked on naked what do you do
naked on naked Theodor is like why did he talk about naked was naked and it's
okay Clement says look look I mean these are the leading Christians of their time
people right look it's okay you stifled the car
procreations right that'll take the Roman heat off our backs good good
fantastic now he didn't give away Mark didn't give away the secrets he didn't
give them away there are some things that you don't
tell did you just you keep quiet it's a mystery bonee
head fantastic fantastic right we as
initiates silence you ever seen a Catholic priest try to silence
someone yeah that's the energy that you that you're gleaning from that that
psychic vampirism you got to love that you got to have respect for the craft
that's able to prune the psychology to send the voices out there can you do
that Melena way let's go to the next one let's go to the next one here we go
you're gonna see it I told you guys would see it it's from Luke let's just read what happens so you you Jacob John
you know James and John those sons of zebede you know they were Associates it
says with Simon Okay indicating some kind of Guild
thing this coin nooi um is usually referring to tax collectors so it's tax
Farmers Harvesters you could say um it it so it's kind of like a scheme right
right it's why Jesus always tell him don't get scandalized don't get caught right okay here we go what does he say
they're Associates you know with Simon and Jesus says Don't Be Afraid s uh
Peter right he's telling don't be afraid I'm gonna make you a
zorron a zoron you're gonna make me a zorron of men I'm gonna make you a
zorron of human meat are you ready for this watch the next what is the Zon I
tell all my students everything in Greek goes back to the ver look if you want the real stuff go to
the verb yeah yeah to save alive to take captive yeah to capture somebody alive
right take a living captive what to restore life and
strength okay okay give me the next give me the next word what do we have here um I just want you to look at the atmology
Now where's this word coming from where is it coming from the victorians put
right here at coming from Zoe and AO remember that's the name of AA Zoe isn't
that nice guess what guys AA is Greek Eve in the garden of EDM It's All
Greek there's not a wick of Hebrew in it period yeah isn't that interesting a
fantastic it's that Bic shout and those guys knew it eus was writing it down say
this is the way it is that AA is that Mystic shout it's the
name of Eve says eus right fantastic I told you guys that but it took him a
while to get here he's lazy eus is the laziest for having written as much as he
did he's one of the laziest people on the planet he steals stuff too what
credit dudes um go ahead yep um yeah Z so anyway Zoe and
ago what we have people you can take that what I just wanted to point out is that we have the life that is rising
from a state of death what do you do when you ago someone when Jesus walks up
how does he bring those Dead Boys back to life he awakens them he awakens them
let's see it you want to see where he's getting with the boys here it is here it is people are you ready so um I'm going
to start just the time I'm just going to translate it quickly because you know I want you to hear the flow of the story
yeah um blow it up for me Chewy are you ready so um Jesus got pissed off and he
went out with her to the Garden where the memorial
was and immediately he heard from the from the tomb a great voice and Jesus
you know coming up he rolled off the Stone from the front of the thing and
went inside and right away there was this little kid there was this little
kid Jesus stretched out his hand and he AO him take it down for a
second Chey he awakened him he brought him from a place
of unconscious reality to a place of conscious reality that is the
Greek now the only reason I know this is from Greek sources when you expose
yourself over and over and over again to this language um you develop you develop a
flavor for the vocabulary and it's very easy to see my friends who claim you
shouldn't do that classical philologists get to where they are with sweat and blood you should give credit and you
shouldn't be dressing up like a police officer and pulling people over if
you're not a police officer yes fantastic let's do this then okay keep
looking I want everybody to focus on the focus on the shenanigans
um yeah what's going on in line 57 there was this little kid and Jesus stretches
out his hand he raises him from that unconscious State now remember the kid's
unconscious but Jesus is hearing voices from the grave he's hearing voices from
the grave do you know this little kid is not the only one in here did you ever notice that these guys are crowding
around these tombs getting on those tor Tes with the fumigations getting wild no
no go ahead blow it up J let's keep translating isn't it isn't it lovely so there's this little kid there now watch
this watch this oh God Says with his hand right with his hand that has that
power that's how he raises him that's a magic expression people Jesus is doing
magic the guy who translated this who found this manuscript said Jesu is a
magician and here he is sorcerer Jesus are you ready and the young boy looked
up at him and fell in love and he began
to beg him he began to beg Jesus that he might be with
him okay yeah wait is this a text an ancient
text next we're going to categorize it pseudo pseudo something I don't care
it's a text and the vocabulary happens to
fit um very well very well if this thing
has any doubt or question about it as a classical philologist it is exquisite it
is exquisite yeah yeah oh interesting
interesting style love it let's go back to it and see that text again I'll keep
translating okay hold on people the kid falls in love with him he says let me be with you right and so um they they left
they get up and they they left the tomb and they came to the house of this kid
and this is a little bit distressing Yeah P got pluus what is
the because he was rich yeah yeah he was a rich kid okay
whatever um I don't know what's going on but this is a you know party and it's in
a nice place and Jesus is there and what happens and after six
days Jesus gives this kid specific instruction so Jesus is staying on the
compound right with this kid that has been begging him to be with him and what
happens when evening comes after Jesus gave him these instructions the little
kid comes to him and he is look it's
962 he is covering his
gumos he's covering his you remember those secret parts of
the woman yes you have the same things in
the boy you have the secret
Parts yeah and he's got a bandage he's got a bandage on his secret
Parts yeah oh my goodness wait and he was in Tomb okay
you've seen it but now right we've been here before this is just memory for us
what I want you to focus on is the prostitution behind it the bigger
picture that's what I want you to focus on with these associates of
Jesus together in an Enterprise working together you wondered why it was that
John lives until like 90 something right you're like why is he so old it's
because when he was with Jesus he was a child he was a child prostitute
the Apostles of Jesus
Christ are child prostitutes working for a
trafficker who is using a Mystic
drug fantastic fantastic good job Jesus right
now you know why he got indicted let's go back up people will find out right you don't have to wait until the end
let's go to the oh back to that same source and I just want you guys to see what happens they go to the house after
six days you know he gives him these instructions he comes in he's he's got that thing wrapped around his hooa and
um what does he do he stays with Jesus the everybody on my Greek class on
63 line 63 look at that nice accusative duration of time right extent
of time love this he stayed there with him the whole night long and what happened
with Jesus Jesus taught him Jesus taught him look at the bottom line the mystery
of the kingdom of God take it down yeah
okay all right within the context of the child's sex
slave trade right all of these Apostles of
Jesus have left their homes or neighborhoods or
whever they were associated with join themselves to
Jesus yeah okay okay let's go to the next text I
want us to see um everybody body this is another word that I just want to
introduce you to this is gorgeous look at this Oria right I've told you guys about these orio what is Jesus doing
with the boy when he's when he's teaching him the mystery right which the text just said he was doing blow this up
chewy I want to be able to read the people these are the secret rights the secret worship practiced by the
initiated used of the worship of demer at lucus of the rights of the cabi and
demer aaya and of orus of umus of cile
but I like this little touch at the end most frequently of the rights of
dionisis and then look under Roman nual number two in the second line
or isn't that nice in the frogs bre coo coo say the frogs right as
you're sitting on the throne EX exercising the Deep things of Satan
right these are the Mysteries these are the Mysteries and we're about to find Aphrodite isn't that
nice Oria let's go to the next one please now this is the Greek blown up
WRA you know he wrapped that scon the kid wrapped that scen onut the bandage
on his privates now look at it in Mark right one is secret Mark purportedly
Mark right where he's not giving away the
Mysteries yeah signifying with these words things for those with ears to hear
if you know what a garden is let me just give you this I'm going to speak a little Vox Ora are you ready this is a
language that has been trapped in Greek for
Millennia yeah as a as a
parasite a parasite within the blood yeah love it love it what is a
garden what is a garden it's place where you have you
know maybe some soft ground with plushy
growth yeah and do tell me ancient Greek what else do you have in your garden
you've got do your cap on you've got do in your
garden would you be surprised if the Greeks said that Garden
that paradise is the penda
MRA that is the garden of Edom
yes what is EDM backwards medwa yeah it wasn't a truskin
thing they do it the magic you didn't know they you Pro you may have backwards
incantations yeah love it fantastic fantastic Buckle in for the
magic there's a little bit more to come little bit more drugs little bit more um kids little bit more Jesus having become
the Christos which he
admits wait you mean the title of pimp came before Jesus yep it
did right the fact that he is assuming the title of the
Molester doesn't mean um that it can't be used against him in a court of law
transdimensional ition Al speaking Yeah love
it love it I think I got that right all those steps I don't know sometimes I
just want to go outside and breathe some fresh air but I won't waste your time let's
get back to it chewy bring me up these people are good people and they're giving me all their time um look that's
what the last one was and the next one is from Mark R look at this it it uses
the same expression right whoops the one before that there we go look it uses the
same expression people yeah Petty men seen on
epu yeah he's putting this is what you could call one of
Mark's Expressions putting his penile bandage
on be okay now can you smell those boy prostitutes from antiquity
can you smell them you know what they have in that bandage it has to do with
their prostitution
okay okay we're getting closer to the history thank you for hanging in there
and preventing any sort of purient Interest this is straight history we got
to go text people this is what I love about classical philology you can pull on the dirtiest text on the planet you
slap it down in front of the most Straight Arrow Ox 40an
scholar and you can crack their soul yeah they'll run what is this word
what is this word that means to open the garden of delight I want a spell to reenter Ed
them don't you I want want to go back what do you say I told the Watchers we could do this
what do you say if we storm the garden we know where
it is we know where it is it's on the river Faus it's described the
location all of the terminology in this Bible that you thought was Hebrew is
Greek and it is hearkening back to a Bronze Age mystery
cult yes yes Moses sit down I'm gonna read your book next time right on your
bottom yes oh it feels good it feels good
Moses's bottom is wrinkly isn't that odd wouldn't have thought that I don't know
why but now you know why you don't fight the devil for his
body yeah even Michael knew that if you don't know what the context is you don't
know what the hell's going on and that is what classical philology brings you it brings you the context these are the
text people I'm not some Professor sitting here I'm a former Professor right kind of um you know
roning but that's the way it is um my research is good and strong
and we have Jesus dead to rights people we have Jesus I'm telling you I'm telling you as soon as the scholars
where are you guys wake up I know you don't want to you don't want to mess with the Bible I know I know but we have
to it's a matter of Liberty now you have to you have to come in your expertise is
needed Step Up classical philologists yes Step Up um let's look
at the sources bring us back go quick I need an in yeah right into the I'm mainlining this
stuff oh look at this oh God he fled
gumos his bandage came off of his his secret
parts and he ran away well that's what you know you would expect right that
child prostitute knew exactly what to do why do you think Jesus is always telling
him this is between us and not others didn't you wonder what all the grooming
was for give me another one let's let's here people need to time is collapsing
here let's get it fallos I just wanted to wave fallos in front of your face um
look at Victorian let's go back the mum in Latin the verile member thank you
very much or a figure thereof doesn't have to be the actual
one it can be a figure and it is born in procession in the cult of
dionisis now that's their own opinion that follows as an emblem of the generative power of
nature wait you mean they're marching that 8 foot fallace down my
street for generative power no I don't think it's got anything
to do with that I'm a farmer and I got enough generative power going I don't need that but I kind of want to go to
this party wherever that group's going right a Fallas I had the pleasure
can I just stand back and say something personal I don't like to do this I don't like to do this but I'm gonna say
something personal in the in the edition of
media that was produced at St Mary's
University um and translated it was a translation by
yours truly and it involved A procession my contract said it has to be accurate
historically accurate I said historically accurate man do you know
what you're asking me they didn't so I gave it to
him we had a big prop that was like a six foot I don't know maybe six
foot five maybe five to six feet um dildo phus that's what a phus is
from Antiquity ancient dildo Right image image of a male member
a male member ready for combat yes ready to find that Garden
yes these are the rights that they are being a part of so you have to set
yourself you you know to to you it may be comical and for those of you for wh
for whom this is puant shame on you this is history clean your act up clean your
act up yeah let's go back to the text let's see what these people are doing I
still want to see what they're doing though don't get me wrong right we can tantalize oursel with the history let's bring up the next one they
yeah no not that one skip that one go to the next one H go to the next one yep here we go I just want to flash just
another text before you who are these people who are the people that were following with that giant um that giant
phus and by the way when I was taking the phus I had the pleasure take it down I forgot to end my story um I had the
Divine pleasure of being able to bring this
procession to St Mary's University with
students carrying a giant phus the impact that this had on the
audience was devastating and the whole place as realistically as we could do um smelled
of an incense that my team wasn't my team team the University's team of prop
designers and set designers what they were able to come up with from a magic formula that I had delivered to them and
the whole place when you walked into the theater and it was sold out every night every
night in front of me there was a there was a couple of students there having a
conversation with each other and one of them said to the other um we're coming back again
tomorrow right and I saw him again tomorrow it was that enthralling that
enthralling so was very successful loved it but it gave us the ability to point
that at the people who are involved in the
child abuse and bring them to purification to
purification it was a true Pagan right it was it true the theater is dionysiac
as dionisis gets okay I've gotten off track bring us back bring us back um a
text Chewy we're gonna get caught out here by the
Imperial you know what I mean
okay Planet you know how these people are in this procession leave it up I'm just going to translate the text text
they are these wandering Stars these
prophets who have turned aside from the way the way of his
Commandments and they have come to an abyss an abyss that is
endless with the Flesh and the
enomatic crime the enomatic crime what's that
last line say these people they grow in nature into nosis
look at that last word second last word on that line five
NOS that's where we're headed thank you for dealing with the Caro
Creations there's some things that you cannot talk about those are the things
for which we invoke silence we invoke
takita silence holy reverent
silence these people you want to see where they're going and what they're doing I'm going
to let's bring it up next one look at this look at
this they're entering that nosis which is you know like they say the Deep
things of look at that last word people look at that last word satana
satana SATA SATA in old old old
Greek oh beautiful what are they doing they're entering
into those deep things when you are a Christian and you have
not partaken of the opening of The
Garden you do not have ionic life you have not entered death and been born
again I'm going to say this to those of you because I know I have a a special I
have a special sting in my voice
here you know when you became born
again that you were just flipping on this mental switch you didn't enter into death you
weren't raised revived from a state of death you didn't enter into the
communion of the cup you are no where near a
mystery you are closer to a philosopher then you are an initiate
into a mystery and that is the deepest insult I could possibly hurl at
Christianity your mystery is
absent there is more of your Christian mystery in the excitement
of a priest who is raping a child than in all of your
congregations and all of your crazy preachers and teachers all of them your
mystery is a mystery of the deep things of Satan give me that last one
boom look at this we talked about frogs I wanted to end it with a little bit of
the frogs this is the chorus as
we are going through death back to life this is the
chorus are you ready here we go here we go rise up see that first word
AA rise up rise up the chorus sings to you rise
up he has come
shaking in his hands that torch that torch that contains the ether
of our souls The Ether of our souls the
flocks do the Greeks have complex words yeah they do do you know what the ether of your soul is no you don't I know you
don't I've been reading this for years and I can barely barely get my mind conceptually around
what that is just you know I I I give myself a little leeway and just say ah well you know that's for smart people
okay when they get into the quantum physics you can't you it's hard to keep up it's hard
to keep up I know there are those of you out out there who this is not hard to keep up with congratulations you're you
know you get an award right smarty pants right okay look at the chorus though
they say he's come right and then
it come morning star of our
nocturnal initiation Come Morning Star do you know
who the Morning Star is the Morning Star is
Satan why is Jesus being called called upon as the
great morning star the great Satan it's because within the
mystery that great Satan is the one who is
christed yeah yeah if you had been there with
Jesus when those delegates you know from the school came
and they were like hey bro take all this money take your kid go to Egypt get them all set up yeah he comes back he's more
educated than anyone right do you think Judea do you know why Jesus's parents sent him to be
educated outside of Judea
because Roman wealthy Aristocrats who um somebody wanted to
punish would get assigned Judea yeah what they called
Palestine yeah it's that bad do you think they
have an educational system there no they don't they don't have a they're just catching up with Greek you notice
there's not really literature until they get the Greek in their
hands yeah yeah that's how it is people I keep trying to explain this to people
I want to say it really quick um because I'm free to say
this not all languages are created equal yeah some
survive and flourish some die some and its a smaller percentage
reach a level of literary fruition yeah very few reach that point
most of the languages of Humanity have died because that's what languages do
they die yeah and depending on the time they're
spoken um you'll see the level of complexity and Technical expertise rise
rise rise rise rise it's why Greek can express integrals and
calculus you mean the Greek language the ancient Greek language
yes yes no insult to the modern Greeks but you know as well as I do that your
language is a simplification yeah yeah have to has to be brought down
to all of our levels right Ah that's what classical philology is it's trying
to grasp that great wisdom that is
locked in that powerful Lang language yeah it's gorgeous it's uh nature nature
definitely and the poor Romans like why you Engish not it's
nice yeah last last quote I wanted to finish
off the frogs and let people go they they need to get to their thing um I
just want you to know that bottom line phospherous AER that is Lucifer um within the position of the
cult the devil um Satan
Hades and yes Aman um that
dionysiac position of the
leader The Source the dragon who guards the
Kora cuz you know people are surprised but no it turns out hell's all about the
queen yeah and that's why you don't argue for the body of Moses you got no power you can't be
physics the world is topsy turvy the North Pole is the South Pole
Jesus was running prostitution of
boys using drugs that will alter your State of
Consciousness and awareness and perception thank you to
Clement thank you to Clement for the for the ride appreciate
it tomorrow uh Friday um coming up I'm going to have um
just a 45 minute discourse after U the
satanic initiation right and what we'll do is I'm going to run it like I used to run
it at the University when I gave symposia right where we had professors
of all different disciplines together with students seminarians um and we throw out a topic
and we discuss that topic that's what I would like to turn our time into and I'm
going to do that this Friday you know 20 minutes after we end satanic initiation um
so let's see if that works and everybody's invited I'll post the link
the more you know brains the um the better uh love it but we'll talk about
topics that I will throw out and I will not give um soliloquies or long
explanations this is a time for discussion it's a time for discussion so
we'll throw out some topics like the boys and the prostitution or um anything that you guys want to talk about the
drugs some people like to talk about the drugs in Antiquity um that's a good area too so fantastic thank you for coming
tonight um I just want to say um keep in
mind keep in mind that the actual history is there and all we have to do
is assemble those sources we have to become familiar we have to love that
medium that's all in and that Medium is the Greek that Medium is the Greek and
you guys oh Bliss it's Bliss what a garden what a garden so much doe thank
you for coming tonight hail
Satan created by such evil men then we
could down the fences that fence us all in maybe we could walk together
again just maybe we could walk
together [Music] again